Code styles (#253)
java-operator-sdk/java-operator-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

branch. This review will likely ask for some changes to the code - please don't be alarmed or upset
at this; it is expected that all PRs will need tweaks and a normal part of the process.

The PRs are checked to be compliant with the Java Google code style.

Be aware that all Operator SDK code is released under the [Apache 2.0 licence](LICENSE).

## Development environment setup

### Code style

> The SDK modules and samples codes following the Java Google code style. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK modules and samples are formatted to follow the Java Google code style. 
```

On every `compile` the code gets formatted automatically, 

> however to have less hassle you can import one of the following code style schemes based on the IDE you use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
however, to make things simpler (i.e. avoid getting a PR rejected simply because of code style issues), you can import one of the following code style schemes based on the IDE you use:
```

- for *Intellij IDEA* import [contributing/intellij-google-style.xml](contributing/intellij-google-style.xml)
- for *Eclipse* import [contributing/eclipse-google-style.xml](contributing/eclipse-google-style.xml)

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we will need to add the precise instructions on how to add the styles to the IDE at some point but let's go with this for now.
